# Portfolio-CM
## Corpus
When I’m visiting the gym to do a workout, I notice that my workout is massively dependent on the type of music I’m listening to. If it’s classical music, I personally stay in a very analysing and emotional mood during the workout which is not advantageous for my workout. However, when I’m listening to workout lists on Spotify, I notice that the songs in these lists have a specific ambiance that is very uplifting and energizing. Since I like working out and I’m interested in the effect that these songs have on me, I would like to research what the specific features are of the songs in several workout lists on Spotify and if these features are similar in different songs. In this corpus, it’s interesting to compare the features on different songs on Spotify workout lists. I think that the songs will show a lot of similarity in the following features: danceability, energy, key, liveness, loudness, mode, speechiness, tempo, time signature, and valence. Spotify has a few popular workout lists which I will be using, but a distinction can be made between the songs of the workout lists for yoga and meditation and the songs of the workout lists for weight training and HIIT. I’m not sure yet if I’ll be making a comparison between the two or if I’ll leave the yoga and meditation workout lists out since I’m less interested in those lists. A few songs that are very typical for the workout lists are for example *Goosebumps* by HVME, *Mood*  by 24kGoldn and iann dior, and *The Business* of Tiësto. These songs are very energizing and uplifting, which I think is very typical for a workout song.
